The following corrections have been brought to the original Table S2 from [1] (file `cox2_816_inhibitors.txt`):

    -           Decorated and augmented frameworks
                Originally, double bonds of sulfonyl groups were persisted when obtaining the generic graphs,
                this caused the carbon atoms attached to become hypervalent. Here, both oxygens atoms
                of all sulfonyl groups were dropped.

    - line 80:  Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframe
                The 2 exocyclic methyl groups being part of the longest chain, containing only one other
                atom, one of them should be removed, as illustrated by Figure 3. This is supported by
                the molecules' processing in the authors' KNIME workflow (available on GitHub [2]).
                Changes have been made to delete one extra methyl group.

    - line 84:  Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframe
                The same changes as for line 80 were made.

    - line 161: Original molecular graph, augmented scaffold, and framework
                The uncharged tetravalent nitrogen's charge has been bumped.

    - line 363: Original molecular graph, augmented scaffold, and framework
                The same changes as for line 161 were made.

    - line 430: Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframes
                The longest path is not the only valid one. Changed to the first one identified.

    - line 541: Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframes
                The longest path is not the only valid one. Changed to the first one identified.

    - line 554: Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframes
                The longest path is not the only valid one. Changed to the first one identified.

    - line 571: Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframes
                The longest path is not the only valid one. Changed to the first one identified.

    - line 619: Basic, decorated, and augmented wireframe
                The double bonds of the cyclopentadiene that used not to be saturated have been changed
                to single bonds.

    - line 621: Original molecular graph, basic, decorated, and augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframe
                The elemental carbon cyclopentadiene was changed to an aromatic cyclopentadiene.

    - line 646: Original molecular graph, augmented scaffold, and framework
                The uncharged tetravalent nitrogen's charge has been bumped.

    - line 660: Augmented scaffold, decorated framework and wireframe
                The monoxide of the oxotechnetium was not part of the augmented scaffold, while being
                part of the decorated scaffold. The monoxide moiety of the oxotechnetium has been
                added back to the augmented scaffold.
                The decorated framework and wireframe were not accounting for the
                hypervalent carbon replacing technetium. This has been fixed by removing the
                carbon atom that was originally replacing the monoxide atom. This should also
                have been the case for the augmented framework and wireframe, should the previous
                issue have not been present.

    - line 687: Decorated and augmented frameworks
                The double-bonded oxygen bond to the phosphate group was removed.


Additionally, the following modifications have been brought to support the improved longest path algorithm
(file `cox2_816_inhibitors_adapted_lsp.txt`):

    - line 18:  Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframes
                The default improved longest path algorithm favours unsaturated bond. The scaffold
                and its derivatives have been adapted accordingly.

    - line 554: Augmented scaffold, framework, and wireframes
                In case of multiple longest atom paths with the same length, the paths visiting the least
                number of rings are prioritized. If multiple of these exist, the ones with asymmetry are
                prioritized. If multiples of these exist, the first one identified is returned.
                The symmetric longest path used to be prioritized, and has been replaced herein with the
                asymmetric path of equal length.


[1] Manelfi, C., Gemei, M., Talarico, C. et al.
“Molecular Anatomy”: a new multi-dimensional hierarchical scaffold analysis tool.
J Cheminform 13, 54 (2021).
https://doi.org/10.1186/s13321-021-00526-y

[2] Rosario Beccari, A. (2021)
Molecular_Anatomy [Computer software].
https://github.com/andreabeccari/Molecular_Anatomy
